ID	Book Name	Book price	Book author	image	about
0	Recurrence	24.95	Graeme Miles	RecurrenceBookCover_1.jpg	In spite of the fact that we think about the world as circular, our primary headings inside it stay 'Down', Across' and 'Up'. These essential bearings stamp the divisions of this anxious book of sonnets, Recurrence, by Graeme Miles. 'Up' and 'Down' in their distinctive courses move outside the human diversion, however 'Over' voyages - Australia, India and Europe - moving around shafts of introduction and confusion, rest and waking.
1	CUMULUS	32.95	Robert Gray	cumulusimage_1.jpg	This book is a historic point in Australian verse. For Cumulus, Robert Gray has picked all he wishes to hold from his eight volumes of verse, some of it extensively and fundamentally updated. He has included here another book, 'Anonymous Earth', not already distributed in Australia.
2	COLLUSION	24.95	Brook Emery	collusionBookCoverC_1.jpg	Brook Emery’s mode is enquiry, with a gentle insistence that enquiry matters. Fluent, occasionally epigrammatic, and showing a quiet humour, this is generous, open-minded poetry. As in previous collections Emery’s interest is in the intersections of the material, the spiritual and the rational. The poems are loosely addressed as letters to some implied correspondent, who might be real, the self or the unconscious.
3	Braiding the Voices	32.95	Peter Steele	Braidingthe_voicescoverFINAL_2.jpg	In Braiding the Voices, Peter Steele brings to bear a lifetime of reading, writing, and teaching prose and poetry. With gusto and focus, these essays concert poets and poems of different tempers and aspirations. They are by Gwen Harwood, Les Murray, Peter Porter, Vincent Buckley and, further afield, Fleur Adcock, Richard Wilbur, Anthony Hecht, W.S. Merwin, Deborah Randall, Ben Belitt, Norman MacCaig, R.S. Thomas, P.J. Kavanagh, Seamus Heaney and Gerard Manley Hopkins. The writing of some of his own poems is also addressed. Characteristically, Steele refers copiously also to much else.